Updating Fusion thread information (#8554)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/running-a-dbt-project/using-threads.md

Reviewer: I think one thing is missing here:

```
For Snowflake and Databricks, only `threads: 1` is respected. If you are seeing timeouts due to Fusion parallelism, try setting `threads: 1` to see if this resolves the issue.
```

## Fusion engine thread optimization

> The <Constant name="fusion_engine" /> handles threading differently than <Constant name="core" />. Rather than treating `threads` as a strict limit, Fusion manages parallelism based on each adapter's characteristics.

Reviewer 2: can we clarify what we mean by parallelism? its introduced here as a new term and asks users to infer what it means. i didn't understand myself and had to infer that it means how many models run as the same time. i wonder if we should be more clear, for eg:

> In this context, parallelism refers to how many models or operations Fusion executes concurrently, similar to how threads limit concurrency in dbt Core.

> The <Constant name="fusion_engine" /> handles threading differently than <Constant name="core" />. Rather than treating `threads` as a strict limit, Fusion manages parallelism based on each adapter's characteristics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The <Constant name="fusion_engine" /> handles threading differently than <Constant name="core" />. Rather than treating `threads` as a strict limit, <Constant name="fusion"/> manages parallelism based on each adapter's characteristics.
```

### Adapter-specific behavior

<FusionThreads />

> For more information about Fusion's approach to parallelism, refer to [the dbt Fusion engine](/docs/fusion) page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about <Constant name="fusion"/>'s approach to parallelism, refer to [the <Constant name="fusion_engine"/>](/docs/fusion) page.
```

## Fusion engine thread optimization

The <Constant name="fusion_engine" /> handles threading differently than <Constant name="core" />. Rather than treating `threads` as a strict limit, Fusion manages parallelism based on each adapter's characteristics.

### Adapter-specific behavior

<FusionThreads />

:::tip Performance impact

> Low thread values (like 4 or 6) can significantly slow down Fusion on Snowflake and Databricks. In testing, compile times improved from 45+ minutes to under 2 minutes when switching from a fixed thread count to automatic optimization.

Reviewer: Similar to comment above, since we don't respect the thread count set, this doesn't feel like an appropriate call out. Are you justifying why we default the way we do? If so maybe add a bit about that in the beginning
